hey guys you're watching the video of
flair of MCA now today I'm going to be
opening a brush fire thing deck from way
back from the base set series first set
whatever so it's quite old um I think it
says 1999 here with wizards of the coast
and some of the numbers 9 95 96 98 and
99 so basically it's one of the first
ever think that's released other than
the starter deck just a comparison
that's the Charmeleon when after Pokemon
USA took over and all that and that's
the time we land back in witches of the
coast days and all that today some minor
changes and all that that is still
pretty cool so yeah I enjoyed the
artwork when it first came out I don't
like after they started changing it and
redrawing the Pokemon so anyway okay so
yeah I found this in the old job so
that's why I slightly damaged as you got
as as you guys can see without obits and
you know where's in tears here and
they're all that jazz but it still feels
cool feels good on open new ish so let's
see how I'm gonna be alright that's how
you okay so that's what it looks like
when you first open it counters I think
damage counters I love these more than
the cardboard ones that we use nowadays
a old old Oh screw coin chancy coin 1999
Wizards Nintendo but i dont know whats
ER is but i think GS game freak yeah so
cool um
next start we have a sealed think back
right here nine tails is the hollow and
see a robot whoa Scott pictures of the
blister packs for the base set booster
packs and all that cool stuff overgrowth
theme deck brush fire though that's the
one of the first started that site
pretty cool some stuff here there yeah
it's teach you how to play and this is
the call list which ranges if I remember
correctly with a base set 32v whatever
set jungle thing yeah fossil there's all
the theme decks all that stuff okay so i
won't be opening or show you guys what
these clothes these in this deck because
i want to keep the sealed because i
might be giving this away for my raffle
ah soon pretty soon I suppose so I'll
pop this back later on so that the
winner can open it up themselves and
last but not least I want to show you
guys a card uh unknown Jay I think yeah
it's gonna promo symbol right there okay
I never thought that I'll be able to get
this card again but I did surprisingly
thanks to my friend so I want you guys
to do me a favor cuz I think he still
watches my videos so if you guys want
you know can comment below there and say
his name's Ben so if you guys can help
me out just right Thank You Ben because
um yeah he gave cards to me for free and
he started he made me start collecting
pokemon cards and all that so without
him there will be no slower
see an hour exists on youtube so thanks
a lot to him thumbs up for since he used
to be a car collector this car is a mint
condition and this promo card is number
38 and if I remember correctly it's
pretty hard to get not quite sure how
you can get this car if you guys know
please comment below anyway um I'm gonna
put this piece thing Mo's back in the
deck afterwards but um I'm going to most
likely be giving away one of these came
back south and also let me just get it I
might be giving out one of these two
players other such as well so pretty
cool Singh mo jigs $99 oh so 10 years
for 11 years going to be loving years so
yeah anyway whoa i will cut oh stop
making I mean think that's all I have to
say for you make sure you guys if you
can sub to me they'll be nice and help
me reach my goal of 2,000 subscribers
before the end of this year you know
thank you guys for ever trust me anyways
thanks that's watching and do comment
rate as you wish subscribe thank you and
CEOs